Why am I still listening to this in Longza?
These two people haven't been careful, so is your princess?
He obviously knows that the prince cares about him so much
It’s not about the prince’s promotion
Your prince is the one who goes too far.
Nothing masculine at all
Still angry at such a young age over trivial matters
It's obviously your princess who is the most outrageous
The prince is the most exaggerated
The prince and the princess are in confinement this time.
Eleven cares about legs
Just now, if my subordinate heard the princess talking about healing herself during confinement,
what did she say
The concubine just said something sorry for the prince
Her prince said that because he was sad and sad.
He is deceiving me.
Just say that he doesn’t have anyone he likes at all.
Watch him fly away
Ah, Your Majesty, Your Majesty
This is what you basically said. The king said he regretted it.